Q1. What is Servlet Container?
A1: A servlet container (web container) is the component of a web server that interacts with Java servlets. A servlet container 
is responsible for managing the lifecycle of servlets, mapping a URL to a particular servlet and ensuring that the URL requester 
has the correct access-rights.

Q2. What is dependency injection / inversion of control?
A2: In software engineering, dependency injection is a technique whereby one object (or static method) supplies the dependencies 
of another object. A dependency is an object that can be used (a service). An injection is the passing of a dependency to a dependent 
object (a client) that would use it. The service is made part of the client's state.[1] Passing the service to the client, rather than 
allowing a client to build or find the service, is the fundamental requirement of the pattern.

Q3. How to do Dependency Injection in Spring?
A3: 
@Inject
public MyComponent(Aaa aaa){}

Q4. What problems are Spring Boot trying to solve?
A4: (1)Create stand-alone Spring applications
(2)Embed Tomcat, Jetty or Undertow directly (no need to deploy WAR files)
(3)Provide opinionated 'starter' POMs to simplify your Maven configuration
(4)Automatically configure Spring whenever possible
(5)Provide production-ready features such as metrics, health checks and externalized configuration
(6)Absolutely no code generation and no requirement for XML configuration

Q5: What is Spring Data?
A5: Spring Data’s mission is to provide a familiar and consistent, Spring-based programming model for data access while still retaining 
the special traits of the underlying data store.It makes it easy to use data access technologies, relational and non-relational 
databases, map-reduce frameworks, and cloud-based data services. This is an umbrella project which contains many subprojects that 
are specific to a given database. The projects are developed by working together with many of the companies and developers that are 
behind these exciting technologies.
